#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
arcgis==2.3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-generator==1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
backports-tarfile==1.1.1
    # via jaraco-context
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bottle==0.12.25
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via arcgis
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   geomet
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via dask
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   secretstorage
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dask==2024.5.0
    # via arcgis
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gssapi
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via dask
geomet==1.1.0
    # via arcgis
gssapi==1.8.3
    # via
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-gssapi
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   keyring
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==5.3.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.1
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==6.1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.7
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==25.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
krb5==0.5.1
    # via pyspnego
lerc==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
lxml==5.2.2
    # via arcgis
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   arcgis
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   jupyterlab
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
ntlm-auth==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pylerc
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
phonenumbers==8.13.36
    # via -r requirements.in
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
puremagic==1.23
    # via arcgis
pyarrow==16.0.0
    # via arcgis
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pylerc==4.0
    # via arcgis
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyshp==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
pyspnego[kerberos]==0.10.2
    # via
    #   arcgis
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   requests-ntlm
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-gssapi
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-gssapi==1.3.0
    # via arcgis
requests-kerberos==0.14.0
    # via arcgis
requests-ntlm==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keyring
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
testpath==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
truststore==0.9.1
    # via arcgis
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   ipython
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
ujson==5.10.0
    # via arcgis
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arcgis
    #   ipywidgets
y-py==0.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.4
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
